Good morning, family. I'm excited to be with you all. I just did a prayer video, and this came out of that prayer time.
I saw a church when I was praying, and it was an old country-looking church with an old country steeple on it.
The church was completely blacked out—the lights were off, everybody was asleep—and in the steeple, there were these massive gold bells that were glowing with the glory of God.
They looked like they were shiny; there was a shininess all over these bells, and I heard the Lord say, 'I'm going to do one more push, one more chance of a wakeup.'I saw the bells ringing, and He said, 'I'm going to wake up the church, and I'm going to give one more call.'When I was praying and interceding, I was asking, 'Lord, what does it mean?'And He said, 'The bells are going to wake up the church; I'm doing one more push.'He said it would be just as in the days of Noah.
Then He said to me, 'As in the days of Noah, Brandon, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.'He said, 'The door to the ark is about to close.
There's one more call, one more opportunity to get on the boat before it's too late, before the Great Tribulation—one more push.'I'm telling you all that I felt I wanted to weep about it because there's no time left; Jesus is coming.
It's like whenever I'm hearing Him say that, you know, there's a lot of times it could be years, it could be days, it could be this year.
I told everybody in the prayer video that Paul Begley did a video tonight about the red heifer.
The Jews have built a ramp—that was on CBS and they televised it—with an altar on there to sacrifice the heifer.
Paul Begley told everybody that they have not done this sacrifice for over 2,000 years, and that this is the 10th time for them to do it.
Well, 800 years ago, there was a prophecy from an old Rabbi that there would be one more red heifer sacrificed and that it would be the same year that Jesus came.
I asked Him even in prayer time, 'Lord, shake the church; let them wake up one more time.
Let's have one more push for souls, one more Great Harvest of souls, and then come back and get us.'I know that people are asleep; there's a lot of people that need that shake to say, 'Get up, Jesus is coming.'I pray that this video is an urgency wakeup call to you all to hear that Jesus is coming.
The bells are going to ring one last call, and the church will sing.
I'm telling you all that Jesus Christ is coming. Are you on the boat today?
The Lord told me just like it was in the days of Noah, so will it be.
I'm sure Noah was out there telling everybody, 'The rain's coming, folks, the rain's coming,'and they mocked him and said, 'Oh, we've heard that before; we don't need to hear it again.'The rain's coming, the rain's coming, the great flood's coming—it's coming, and everybody get on the boat as quickly as possible.
All the animals showed up and people were still laughing and mocking, 'You're a fool; it's never going to happen.'But as in the days of Noah, I'm telling you that boat door is going to shut.
The Lord said this was the last call, and the church bells are ringing right now.
Are you listening? Are you awake for the coming of our Messiah, our King, our Jesus?
He's coming back for a church He loves, and that's what I try to tell everybody.
I don't believe in the tribulation for us; God is not a wife beater.
We're fixing to go home in the rapture of the church, and the Great Tribulation is going to start.
I believe with all my heart, and I pray you're part of it. I just want to pray for you all.
I have to talk softer because my little girl is waking up, but I just want to pray for you all.
Let's just believe for your unsaved loved ones to get on the boat before it's too late.
Let's believe for a supernatural Harvest of souls for people that they know are going to go to hell; if Jesus comes right now, there's a lot of people going to hell.
But let's believe for one last push, one great shaking. Father, I just call forth the Harvest of souls.
I thank You, Lord, that they would understand that the door is about to close, that people would wake up and know that Jesus Christ is coming back sooner than what people realize.
We call in laborers. Father, bring somebody across their path.
For those who have an unsaved loved one that has been astray or fallen away and is wayward, I thank You, Father, that You're bringing people across their path that would talk to them right now about Jesus, or angel visitations and manifestations from angels to tell people Jesus is coming.
I call unsaved loved ones in; I call husbands and wives that are not born again to be born again before it's too late.
Satan, take your hand off of these people right now. We call them born again, repented, and saved and on the boat before it's too late.
I thank You, Father, for the greatest Harvest of souls; a great shaking is about to take place, and I believe we're going to see a manifestation of God's grace one last time in His push for a harvest of people.
We thank You, Lord, for Your supernatural hand on people's lives and for their finances.
We call them blessed in the city and in the field, coming in and going out.
We thank You, Lord, that You're giving them jobs and better jobs, raises, and bonuses.
They don't have to be part of the world's economy; we're part of God's economy, and You said You would supply all our needs according to Your riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
I pray for every single person's finances right now, that they have more than enough to give to the kingdom of God and promote the gospel throughout the world—not just to pay all their bills, but to help the ministries.
You created them to be the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
I thank You, Lord, that You bless them indeed today with overflow in their lives in Jesus'name.
We thank You, Lord, for healing, wholeness, and wellness over kidneys; for Joyce, we believe for Joyce again, Father, that she has brand new kidneys in Jesus'name.
Deliverances from tobacco, pornography, and drug addictions—all things the devil's tried to throw on them in bondage.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed, and they are free in Jesus'name.
Today is a good day for them; we call today a day of turnaround, and we speak to the mountain to be removed and be thou cast into the sea.
We shall not doubt in our hearts; we shall have whatsoever things we say.
If this video blessed you today, please like the video, click the notification button, and subscribe—all the things that you can do to help me get this video spread throughout the world.
We're telling people that the bells are ringing and Jesus is coming, and there's one last push for them to get on the boat.
God bless you all, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart; Jesus loves you so much, and we will see you all next time. God bless you all, have a blessed day, bye-bye.